Document import assertions (#19588)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/export/index.md

export { default, function2 } from 'bar.js';
```

> `export from` supports all afterthoughts that `import` supports — for example, [import assertions](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import/assert):

Reviewer: Depends on what you end up deciding.

```suggestion
`export from` supports all the same options that `import()` supports — for example, [import assertions](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import/assert):
```
